Document the new method to perform Pauli product measurements (#8692)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h4>Pauli product measurements</h4>

> * Expressing `Pauli product measurement <https://pennylane.ai/compilation/pauli-product-measurement>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Writing circuits in terms of `Pauli product measurements<https://pennylane.ai/compilation/pauli-product-measurement>`_
```

  (PPMs) in PennyLane is now possible with the new :func:`~.pauli_measure` function. This
  functionality allows for seamless surface-code fault-tolerant quantum computing research spurred
  from `A Game of Surface Codes <http://arxiv.org/abs/1808.02892>`_.
  [(#8461)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8461)
  [(#8631)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8631)
  [(#8623)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8623)
  [(#8663)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8663)
  [(#8692)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8692)

>   This new function is currently only for analysis on the ``null.qubit`` device, which allows for resource tracking or estimation with :func:`~.specs` or :func:`~.estimator.estimate`, and circuit inspection with qml.draw.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This new function is currently only for analysis on the ``null.qubit`` device, which allows for resource tracking or estimation with :func:`~.specs` or :func:`~.estimator.estimate`, and circuit inspection with :func:`~.draw`.
```

<h4>Pauli product measurements</h4>

* Writing circuits in terms of `Pauli product measurements <https://pennylane.ai/compilation/pauli-product-measurement>`_
  (PPMs) in PennyLane is now possible with the new :func:`~.pauli_measure` function.

>   Using this function in tandem with :class:`~.PauliRot` to represent Pauli product rotations (PPRs) allows for seamless surface-code fault-tolerant quantum computing research spurred from `A Game of Surface Codes <http://arxiv.org/abs/1808.02892>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Using this function in tandem with :class:`~.PauliRot` to represent Pauli product rotations (PPRs) unlocks surface-code fault-tolerant quantum computing research spurred from `A Game of Surface Codes <http://arxiv.org/abs/1808.02892>`_.
```

Maybe this is a bit more accurate 😅? Not sure. Up to you!
